"Amish, Thomas, and JP: thanks for all the tips and patience!"
"thanks to everyone who has helped me so much this week"
"thomas for showing me some cool features for matplotlib"
"Nice kicks Andrew! "
"Have fun everyone, you're in good hands!” — zac bullard, september 2016
"It has been a great first week with everyone! Looking forward to digging deeper with all of you!"
"Amish for his panda skills"
"Betsy, for asking questions I didn't know I wanted the answer to until she asked them"
"Everyone is really super helpful! JP and Peida were extra helpful when I had some issues though."
"Jocelyn for helping me out!"
"Zac Bullard!”
"I've received lots of help from several classmates. Everyone seems genuinely happy to help out with problems, which is great. Specifically Zack, Peter, and Jesse were all great helping me get up to speed. "
"Amish is extremely knowledgable and very willing to help. "
"Everyone was so helpful!"
"Everyone's been really friendly and discussions are interesting, can't wait to collaborate more in the weeks to come!"
"Zac, Sam, Joclyn, and JP have been great helps. "
"WE CAN DO IT!!!!"
"hey Zac -- thanks for all the help! .. Jocelyn -- thanks for all the help!"
"Jocelyn was awesome this week! Very helpful when needed and never seemed to get frustrated when I asked a lot of questions. "
"This continues to be a really helpful class. It's nice to be able to talk things out with classmates."
"Peter's been a great help with understanding course material! Everyone's super helpful!"
"Who's going to happy hour?"
"Stay fly Dyson Swarm! "
"Peter thank you for your help and for sharing your knowledge! "
"JP - thanks for thinking of using the reshape function, it's great having discussions because great new ideas surface in the process!"
“Peida!"
""Keep the jokes coming, JP!
Thanks everyone for being so friendly!”"
""Jocelyn for being my personal StackOverflow!
Everyone in the class cause we're all in this together”"
"I would like to thank all my friends for all the help! specially JP, Peter, Jocelyn and Amer. Thank you so much."
"I think everyone has been really helpful this week!"
"everyone has been extremely helpful when i am confused and ask for help"
"JP, Sara, and Andrew were great to bounce things off of."
"Sam, thanks for clueing me in to catbug :)"
"GOOD LUCK WITH THE BILLBOARD DATA!!!! and I am not being sarcastic. "
"Amish has helped me a ton with everything pandas"
"thomas and his matplotlib ways"
"Everyone is super helpful!"
"Thank you Sam for always being so joyful "
"Jocelyn once again made my list of amazing classmates who have helped me this week. Bianca, Amer, Tim and Amish have also been proven to be great resources to bounce codes/ideas off of. "
"Jocelyn and Peter are the Singaporean Dream team that have really helped me out this week. Thank you!"
"JP is going to land all the dream jobs"
"That project 3 am I right?"
"My outcomes group (Peida, Max, Andrew) for a great outcomes session!"
"Jocelyn! She's a data shaman!"
"Peter was unbelievably great to work with. Very knowledgeable and generous with his knowledge. Jocelyn and JP for their patience, effort, and help."
"Thanks Tiana for helping me through several labs!"
":yoda: the force is strong with Jocelyn :flag-sg: :pikachu:"
"Thanks Amish for taking time off for me to bounce ideas off!"
"amer for coming up with simpler ways of writing for loops and list comprehension"
"Pieda has a wonderful teaching style. His patience is very comforting when problems seem overwhelming.
Thomas has a lot of knowledge and I've picked up new ways of thinking about problems by working with him.
Sam brings a great spirit to the classroom that makes difficult subjects more relatable!
Tiana has been very helpful and I'm impressed by her quick retention of new concepts."
"Great collaboration this week!"
"It's great hearing different ideas and questions from everyone - sometimes you don't know what you don't know until someone asks the right question!"
"Jesse. Thank you for the dank memes"
"Class:  It is very inspirational to see your passion, dedication and perseverance.  GO CLASS!!!!!"
"Everyone in class is very helpful and Peter has been extremely helpful. Wouldn't have understood half the stuff I know without him and be completely lost!"
"Sam, Jesse, Thomas, Amish, Amer,  and Betsy are all very helpful!  "
"Thomas is pretty helpful in explaining things that should be obvious. "
We're 25% done! thanks everyone for being nice!"
“fantastic!"
""Jocelyn is so helpful as is Peida. They both help explain things alot.
JP, Kristen, and Andrew were great for talking things out so I really understood things better.”"
"Shoutout to my DJS team (Doug and Jesse)! My new team has big shoes to fill. "
""Betsy is a smart and effective collaborator with useful ideas and clear communication skills!
Thank you, Amer for the web scraper!
Thank you Mike & Andrew for setting up happy hour! It was great to get to know everyone better and I'd love to do it again soon.
Debjani is one of the sweetest people I've ever met.”"
remember this? "Joshua "Candy Man" Bentley "
"J3 -- You Rock! This week was mostly a blur, I don't remember much. Betsy, Kristen and Amish for their awesome auras. "
“fantastic!"
"Thank you for your help and questions!"
"Maria and Mike were excellent to work with. They both worked really hard and deserve all the credit. "
"Thomas, Amish and Amer, great job on the presentation! I want to set up a liquor store myself!"
"Mike and Tim: I loved to work with you. You were a great team. Thank you!"
"Wonderful presentations! Especially love the Tableau Dashboard, very pretty!"
""Thank you Josh for great voices and candy!
Sam had a positive thing to say about everyone's presentation! Great attitude.
Props to Mike for initiating group hang out!”"
"Operational efficiencies require that I reprioritize my deliverables to facilitate my gettin' my drank on! Really, kumbayah though it may sound, I really want to shout out to the whole class. It really feels like a cohort--supportive, friendly, and fun to be around."
"Skittles table - sugar high!"
""My project partner, Kristen was awesome.
Jocelyn and Peida are helpful as always.
JP was full of technical assistance.
Andrew and Josh, thanks for the candy. :-)”"
"Peida somehow understands all the air traffic controller memes "
"Everyone's presentation was amazing! Thank you to the classmates who've been helping me day in and day out!"
"to everyone who sat next to me, thanks for helping"
"amer for being the resident web scraper guru"
"Go Team DJS!"
"Sam and Jesse were A+ partners."
"Awesome projects everyone! Looking forward to see what happens next week!"
"Jesse's blazer is badass"
